Supports more than 5 MySQL instances (#303)
cybozu-go/moco: docs/clustering.md

If `spec.replicationSourceSecretName` is _not_ set, MOCO configures [semisynchronous replication](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-semisync.html) between the primary and replicas.  Otherwise, the replication is asynchronous.

> For semi-synchronous replication, MOCO configures [`rpl_semi_sync_master_timeout`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-options-source.html#sysvar_rpl_semi_sync_master_timeout) long enough so that there should be at least half of replica instances that have the same commit as the primary.
> For example, in case of `spec.replicas` == 3, the number of replica instance is 1,  in case of `spec.replicas` == 5, the number of replica instances is 2.

Reviewer: This sentence was completely messed up.  Sorry!

Here's the correct one.
```suggestion
For semi-synchronous replication, MOCO configures [`rpl_semi_sync_master_timeout`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-options-source.html#sysvar_rpl_semi_sync_master_timeout) long enough so that it never degrades to asynchronous replication.

Likewise, MOCO configures [`rpl_semi_sync_master_wait_for_slave_count`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-options-source.html#sysvar_rpl_semi_sync_master_wait_for_slave_count) to (`spec.replicas` - 1 / 2) to make sure that at least half of replica instances have the same commit as the primary.  e.g., If `spec.replicas` is 5, `rpl_semi_sync_master_wait_for_slave_count` will be set to 2.
```
